Ethics Paper 3. Privacy and Consent with AI.  
By Jacob Duus

Where I can see in my vocation where private details might appear in prompts or outputs is in file keeping and analysis.  In my current profession, I keep files that include drivers licenses and social security numbers. Also. a little bit of driving records. If I were to put that information into chatgpt, or have Ai analyze them. I can see how, if I am not vigilant and thorough, that they might get leaked online. Therefore, exposing a lot of sensitive information. I can see that being a nuisance to many people. That would require a lot of manually changing things, making sure your social security number isn’t being used by someone else. 
The things I would avoid putting into prompts are things to include: Social security numbers, drivers license numbers, addresses, phone numbers, etc. Pretty much anything I would call “sensitive information” is what I would avoid putting into prompts on Chatgpt. If I were to need that sensitive information, I would ask the person directly to use that information. I would have to explain how and why I am planning on using it and would only proceed to use it with their direct permission. 
I myself have had my work email and credit card information stolen before. That was a mess. My email was getting flooded with spam. There was a steady stream of spam emails that I couldn’t keep up with. There was a credit card charge that was not authorized by me. It was not the most pleasant experience at all. The Bible says to “…Love your neighbor as yourself. There is no greater commandment as these.” (Mark 12:31) I believe that references the golden rule as well. “Therefore all things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them: for this is the law and the prophets.” (Matthew 7:12) I don’t want my personal information out and about. So clearly I don’t want to do that to other people. Especially the people I work with. Whether it be students or coworkers. I don’t want their sensitive information to be leaked online and used inappropriately. 
